Do an impression of your favorite celebrity
Close your eyes and send a blind text to a random person
Go grab a broom and do your best tango
Give a 3 minute stand-up comedy routine
Break dance
Make up a story about the item to your right
Sing the alphabet without moving your mouth
Do your best president impression
Yell out the first word that comes to your mind right now
Call the pizza place and order 300 sardine pizzas
Pound on your chest and act like a gorilla for the next minute
Sing everything you say for the next 10 minutes
Give a foot massage
Say the alphabet backwards in 15 seconds
Go to the neighbour's house and ask for a banana
Go up to someone random and ask for a hug
Set your cell phone language to Chinese for the next 10 minutes
Act like your favourite Disney character for the rest of the game
Sing 'Twinkle Twinkle, Little Star' while beat boxing
Give a concert with your air guitar
Make a poem using the words orange and moose
Unbuckle your own belt using your elbows
Brush someone else's teeth
Twerk for a minute
Belly dance to a country song
Make up a country song of the top of your head
Get on all fours and act like a dog until your next turn
Make up a short rap about another player
Act like Romeo from 'Romeo and Juliet' (pick who you want to be Juliet)
Do an impression of someone until another player can guess who you are
Say 'ya heard meh' after everything you say for the next 5 minutes
Act like you do not understand your own language until your next turn (come up with your own language)
Use the letters of the name of another player to describe them
Only use sign language for the next round
Do pushups until it's your turn again
Wear a finger moustache for the next 5 minutes
Only use your elbows and knees to go make a sandwich
Write a Facebook (or other social media) post only using your toes
Take a selfie with the toilet and post it online
Paint your toenails only using your teeth
Brush your spouse's teeth
Prank call someone you know.
Ask the neighbors to borrow a cup of sugar.
Post a YouTube video of you singing a currently popular song.
Go outside and shout at the top of your lungs,"I am [your name]! Hear me roar!"
Moonwalk while a friend takes a video.
Paint each toenail and fingernail a different color and keep the polish on for a week.
In your next class, raise your hand each time the teacher asks a question and give the answer (if you can!!)
Do the silliest dance that you can think of
Call someone random, and talk freaky to them
Email one of your professors and tell them you love them
Lick the wall
Exchange shirts with the person next to you
Try licking your elbow.
Give a flying kiss to a girl
Crack an egg on your head.
Call your parents and tell them you're dropping out
Record yourself doing the silliest dance you can do, and post it to Facebook
Ask your crush out on a date
Put the socks of the person to your right in your mouth
Take a selfie with your finger up your nose and post it to all your social media